hi
We watched videos every day whether you realize it or
not
But have you wondered about how much time or effort
it takes If you've got your own videos and you
just want to upload them and let people for you
then and you don't want to use YouTube because these
are workplace specific videos and you're worried about people actually
downloading them We've got something for you that might fix
that
We noticed that there is a lack off professional tools
that offer video integration with confidence Cloud and hence the
experience can can feel a little bit detached and not
seamless
Not to mention the fact that there are no tools
to monitor or measure measure video adoption and engagement by
users
And did you realize you're actually watching us on our